hello, I’ll eat me and you
cpt channel
outside the window is still winter then I mean
I continue my cognitive series
video and in this video I wanted to make
2 meter grater finder air test
505 700 I think it will be interesting
stay
and for starters, I would like to say what
terms of real search deck
metal detectors see much deeper
rather than when I test the air and on the
using this test, I want to show you
difference between readings 500-700 5 on
an ugly they differ or their differences
very little and I think this test will help
you if you have a choice
talk saw seeker test will
made in the mode of all metals Julia
set maxim what we can
Let's start with the 505 grater in the dough
here take part cross brass like
Nicholas River 1 5 kopecks Nicholas 2 5
cents tips fifty dollars 24 years
20 kopecks Catherine the second and scales well
let's start with the cross in 19 20 cm 5
kopecks
18 19 cm penny also 19 cm 5 kopecks
tips
21 centimeter
fifty kopecks 21 centimeters of their tein 20 cm and
neck 12 13 centimeters now connect
705 see this grater what it will show
in the test participate the same comrades 705
connected look start in the same
order 21 22 centimeters 23 24 cm
fifty kopecks 22 23 cm
Catherine also 20 20 cm 5 kopecks
Soviet
24 cm
penny 19 cm basically t completed all
I will leave the figures under the video
I think someone will find this video useful.
choosing between these two
metal detectors
subscribe to the channel like
bye everyone